Another way to find ideas and inspiration and to get to know your potential audience better is by exploring
the places where they hang out online.
That is, groups and communities focused on your topic or your industry.
Reddit is a great example of this.
If you're not familiar with Reddit, it's a message board website divided into various boards or communities
called Subordinate's, which are each focused on a particular topic.
Reddit is huge and there's a sub Reddit for just about any topic you could think of.
I always say that if there are at least four people in the world interested in a topic, there's probably
a sub Reddit for it.
So see if you can find a couple of active subjects that are relevant to your audience and take a look
around.
I recommend browsing through the top posts and changing the sorting to all time for best results.
Look at the links people are sharing, read the text posts, pay attention to any recurring questions
or themes and consider how you might be able to apply that information to your content strategy.
Again, Reddit is a great place to do this, but you're going to want to dive deeper, look for other
forums and communities focused on your topic, dig through the archives and see what conversations are
happening.
You can also look into Facebook and LinkedIn groups, which are becoming more relevant in the age of
social media.
Public groups are searchable, so find some relevant groups and do the same thing.
Watch for any recurring questions and conversation topics and you should come away with some solid content
ideas straight from the people you hope to serve.
And finally, you'll, of course, want to follow the major blogs and publications in your industry
as well as your competitors.
Read their content, maybe use Buzz Sumo to find the top performing content.
And then here's the kicker.
Pay attention to what people are saying.
Read the comments, see how people are responding on social media.
What questions or problems are they still facing and how can you be part of the solution?
That's the goal, after all, providing value in solving people's problems.